<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.prime.com.tr/ui">

    <h:body>

        <ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/templates/masterLayout.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="menulinks">
                <ui:include src="/WEB-INF/templates/menulinks.xhtml">
                    <ui:param name="aboutActive" value="true"/>
                </ui:include>
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="pageTitle">About Us - MyBackup</ui:define>

            <ui:define name="content">

                <h2>Our Privacy policy</h2>
                <p:spacer height="20"/>

                <h3>What information do we collect?</h3>
                <p>
                    We collect information from you when you register on our site, fill out a form or Upload your data.  <br /><br />When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.<br /><br />
                </p>
                <h3>What do we use your information for?</h3>
                <p>
                    Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: <br /><br />; To personalize your experience<br />(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)<br /><br />; To improve customer service<br />(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)<br /><br />; To process transactions<br /><blockquote>Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.</blockquote><br />; To send periodic emails<br /><blockquote>The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used  to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.</blockquote><br /><br />
                </p>
                <h3>How do we protect your information?</h3>
                <p>We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. <br /> <br />We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.<br /><br />After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.<br /><br />
                </p>
                <h3>Do we use cookies?</h3>
                <p>Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information<br /><br /> We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits.<br /><br />If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service.<br /><br />
                </p>
                <h3>Do we disclose any information to outside parties?</h3>
                <p>
                    We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.<br /><br />
                </p>
                <h3>Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance</h3>
                <p>We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.<br /><br />
                </p>
                <h3>Your Consent</h3>
                <p>By using our site, you consent to our <a style="text-decoration:none; color:#3C3C3C;" href="http://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/" target="_blank">online privacy policy</a>.<br /><br />
                </p>
                <h3>Changes to our Privacy Policy</h3>
                <p>If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. <br /><br />
                </p>
                <h3>Contacting Us</h3>
                <p>If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. <br /><br />#{config.getSiteUrl()}<br/>#{config.getSiteUrl()}<br />#{config.getSiteUrl()}<br /><span></span>
                </p>


            </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>
    </h:body>
</html>
